feat: React migration - Issue list CY-6604 (#1836)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories-configure/integrations/github-integration.md

The GitHub integration incorporates Codacy on your existing Git provider workflows by reporting issues and the analysis status directly on your pull requests.

> When this integration is enabled, you can also create pull request comments for each issue listed in the [commit issue tabs](../../repositories/commits.md#issues-tabs), [pull request issue tabs](../../repositories/pull-requests.md#issues-tabs), or [Security monitor](../../repositories/security-monitor.md) of a repository:

Author: ```suggestion
When this integration is enabled, you can also create pull request comments directly from Codacy when browsing the existing repository issues on the [commit issue tabs](../../repositories/commits.md#issues-tabs), [pull request issue tabs](../../repositories/pull-requests.md#issues-tabs), or the [Security monitor](../../repositories/security-monitor.md) of a repository:
```

> When this integration is enabled, you can also create pull request comments directly from Codacy when browsing the existing repository issues on the [commit issue tabs](../../repositories/commits.md#issues-tabs), [pull request issue tabs](../../repositories/pull-requests.md#issues-tabs), or the [Security monitor](../../repositories/security-monitor.md) of a repository:

Reviewer: same as above
